well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today I'm gonna tell you a
story and it's kind of a winding story
and it's not gonna make any sense in the
beginning but stick with me because
there is a point so this guy named
Dennis he heard about a group of people
got it pretty bad there North Panama
City little pocket of people that uh
don't have supplies still from the
hurricane hey they're still in a bad way
so he tells this guy named Terry and
this guy named Terry calls me he's load
up in the truck head down there to a
hope project pick up supplies and
David's not there that day and there's a
lady filling in for him and any time I
show up and David's not there I feel
like I need to explain what I'm doing to
whoever is there because this is a place
where people come pick up supplies for
their family and then there's me who
shows up with a truck and takes a ton
and a half of supplies to go distribute
so I felt like I need to explain why I'm
taking you know a good portion of their
inventory so anyway I talked to her for
a minute and load up they don't have any
baby formula but they have everything
else we need so load up the truck and as
we're heading over there we swing by
this Community Center in Fountain
Florida they're doing the same thing you
have a little relief station going on
get there they have baby formula but
they're almost out of food
so we give him the food we had loaded it
up take the baby formula head back to
Hope Project explain what's going on
load our truck up again and then there's
this guy he's like well I got the truck
let's make sure the community center has
food too
alright so we load it up and this 89
year old man helps us load 89 years old
and he helps us load pallet and a half
of food into this guy's pickup truck I
hope when I'm 89 years old I on that
spry but anyway so we leave help him
unload it over at the community center
go on
our business so you got Dennis Terry
David the lady filling in for David the
guy would - pickup truck an 89 year old
man they all have one thing in common
they're all veterans every single one of
them now let's see when things get bad
you you could always count on Veterans
to be there to lend a hand because they
know what real bad is and I know right
now you're probably thinking well
there's gonna be another one to support
the troops of any other kind of but not
really supporting the troops right now
you got thousands that aren't getting
their GI Bill payments some of them on
the verge of homelessness because of it
no huge outcry 20 suicides a day no huge
outcry getting sent down to the border
for some political stunt before the
midterms getting pulled off the border
before caravan even shows up no huge
outcry over getting used as a political
tool benefits getting whittle away
constantly no he was younger getting
shipped off to war under false pretenses
no huge outcry seems like the only time
people bring up helping veterans is when
they don't want to help somebody else
you know we can't help these migrants we
have veterans we need to take care of I
don't see why we're giving these people
food stamps we have veterans we need to
take care of I don't know why they
deserve a scholarship what about our
veterans - interesting if the only time
you bring up helping veterans is as an
excuse not to help somebody else I want
you to think back to that story
you might be severely misunderstanding
the character and nature of most
veterans there aren't a whole lot of
them they're gonna say don't help
someone it's not a common theme if you
really want to help veterans stop
turning them into combat veterans
because some politician waved a flag and
sold you a pack of lies that you didn't
check out that might be one way you want
to help veterans actually care get
involved before you can support the
troops you got to support the truth
anyway it's just a fault y'all have a
good night